README.md, before:

# PAPER ROCK SCISSORS LIZARD SPOCK - NARUTO STYLE

more text here 

Originally I wanted to create a Tic-Tac-Toe website, but in the end I decided to go for a Rock, Paper, Scissor, Lizard, Spock game instead. Because I had already started working on the Tic-Tac-Toe site I re-used the structure for HTML and CSS from there, to this website, to save a little bit of time.

[amiresponsive](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive) 

Add a link to the live site here, for Milestone 1 this will be the GitHub Pages Link from when you deployed the site.

---

## CONTENTS

* [User Experience](#user-experience-ux)
  * [User Stories](#user-stories)

* [Design](#design)
  * [Colour Scheme](#colour-scheme)
  * [Typography](#typography)
  * [Imagery](#imagery)
  * [Wireframes](#wireframes)

* [Features](#features)
  * [General Features on Each Page](#general-features-on-each-page)
  * [Future Implementations](#future-implementations)
  * [Accessibility](#accessibility)

* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
  * [Languages Used](#languages-used)
  * [Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used](#frameworks-libraries--programs-used)

* [Deployment & Local Development](#deployment--local-development)
  * [Deployment](#deployment)
  * [Local Development](#local-development)
    * [How to Fork](#how-to-fork)
    * [How to Clone](#how-to-clone)

* [Testing](#testing)

* [Credits](#credits)
  * [Code Used](#code-used)
  * [Content](#content)
  * [Media](#media)
  * [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

---

## User Experience (UX)

👩🏻‍💻 View an example of a completed user experience section [here](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/Bully-Book-Club#user-experience-ux)

### User Stories

Add your user stories here. You want to include first time visitors and returning visitors here as a minimum. Think about each group, and the experience and journey you want them to have on your site. It really helps to think about this before you start coding, and will really help with creating your wireframes.

## Design

👩🏻‍💻 View an example of a completed design section [here](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/earth-day-hackathon-2022#Design)

### Colour Scheme

I decided to go with colours that represent Naruto, and the best way to generate them was to take samples from the [Naruto's Official Website.](https://naruto-official.com/en) See swatches below. 

![Swatches](assets/readme/color-palette.png)

### Typography

I've picked the font 'Mogra' from Google Fonts, which I think has a close resemblance to the Naruto-font that is used in the show and Manga. Mogra is used on all text on this website.

![Typography](assets/readme/google-font.png)

### Imagery

Use this section to explain what sort of imagery you plan to use through your site.

https://clan-wars.fandom.com/wiki/Clan_wars_Wiki

### Wireframes


## Features

👩🏻‍💻 View an example of a completed user experience section [here](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/TheQuizArms#Features)

This section can be used to explain what pages your site is made up of.

### General features on each page

If there is a feature that appears on all pages of your site, include it here. Examples of what to include would the the navigation, a footer and a favicon.

I then like to add a screenshot of each page of the site here, i use [amiresponsive](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive) which allows me to grab an image of the site as it would be displayed on mobile, tablet and desktop, this helps to show the responsiveness of the site.

### Future Implementations

What features would you like to implement in the future on your site? Would you like to add more pages, or create login functionality? Add these plans here.

### Accessibility

Be an amazing developer and get used to thinking about accessibility in all of your projects!

This is the place to make a note of anything you have done with accessibility in mind. Some examples include:

Have you used icons and added aria-labels to enable screen readers to understand these?
Have you ensured your site meets the minimum contrast requirements?
Have you chosen fonts that are dyslexia/accessible friendly?

Code Institute have an amazing channel for all things accessibility (a11y-accessibility) I would highly recommend joining this channel as it contains a wealth of information about accessibility and what we can do as developers to be more inclusive.

## Technologies Used

https://www.remove.bg/
https://rgbacolorpicker.com/
https://coolors.co/

### Languages Used

Make a note here of all the languages used in creating your project. For the first project this will most likely just be HTML & CSS.

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

Add any frameworks, libraries or programs used while creating your project.

Make sure to include things like git, GitHub, the program used to make your wireframes, any programs used to compress your images, did you use a CSS framework like Bootstrap? If so add it here (add the version used).

A great tip for this section is to include them as you use them, that way you won't forget what you ended up using when you get to the end of your project.

## Deployment & Local Development

👩🏻‍💻 View an example of a completed Deployment & Local Development section [here](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/TheQuizArms#Deployment)

### Deployment

### GitHub Pages

The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps...

1. Log in to GitHub and locate the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/)
2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page), locate the "Settings" Button on the menu.
    - Alternatively Click [Here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/) for a GIF demonstrating the process starting from Step 2.
3. Scroll down the Settings page until you locate the "GitHub Pages" Section.
4. Under "Source", click the dropdown called "None" and select "Master Branch".
5. The page will automatically refresh.
6. Scroll back down through the page to locate the now published site [link](https://github.com) in the "GitHub Pages" section.

### Local Development

The local development section gives instructions on how someone else could make a copy of your project to play with on their local machine. This section will get more complex in the later projects, and can be a great reference to yourself if you forget how to do this.

#### How to Fork

Place instructions on how to fork your project here.

#### How to Clone

If you wish to clone my project, please see the following steps below:

Navigate to Github: https://github.com/nicolemne/project-portfolio-2
Select the 'Clone' button
Copy the url or download as ZIP file
Use git clone + the url in your terminal, or unpack the ZIP containing the project

## Testing

### Lighthouse


### W3C HTML Validator


### W3C CSS Validator

### Known bugs

No known bugs detected

### Solved Bugs

I've encountered several bugs on the journey of making this website, and most of them I've corrected by seeking help online or from my mentor Mitko. 

Some bugs I've encountered and fixed: 

+ Background Image
  + Description: Background image placement
  + Expected behaviour: Cover full screen
  + Actual behaviour: Not showing up
  + Fix: background-position: center; and background-size: cover;

+ Script not running
  + Description: Javascript not working
  + Expected behaviour: Run in browser to play game
  + Actual behaviour: Nothing happening
  + Fix: Correct variable names that was written wrong

+ Wrong game message
  + Description: "Starting New Game" randomly appearing
  + Expected behaviour: Only shown when resetting scores
  + Actual behaviour: Randomly appearing in the game message announcer
  + Fix: Set correct name of variable in winCombos

## Credits

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-a-transparent-button-using-html-and-css/
https://coder-coder.com/z-index-isnt-working/
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_overlay.asp

### Code Used


### Content

Who wrote the content for the website? Was it yourself - or have you made the site for someone and they specified what the site was to say? This is the best place to put this information.

###  Media

If you have used any media on your site (images, audio, video etc) you can credit them here. I like to link back to the source where I found the media, and include where on the site the image is used.
  
###  Acknowledgments

I would like to thank and acknowledge the following people, who has showed invaluable support throughout my second project:

- Dan Ford, boyfriend and biggest supporter.
- Mitko Bachvarov, my mentor at Code Institute. 
- Kera Cudmore, for this README template.

Commit message:

Add aria-labels to buttons in html, as well as better color contrast on reset button

README.md, after:

# PAPER ROCK SCISSORS LIZARD SPOCK - NARUTO STYLE

more text here 

Originally I wanted to create a Tic-Tac-Toe website, but in the end I decided to go for a Rock, Paper, Scissor, Lizard, Spock game instead. Because I had already started working on the Tic-Tac-Toe site I re-used the structure for HTML and CSS from there, to this website, to save a little bit of time.

[amiresponsive](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive) 

Add a link to the live site here, for Milestone 1 this will be the GitHub Pages Link from when you deployed the site.

---

## CONTENTS

* [User Experience](#user-experience-ux)
  * [User Stories](#user-stories)

* [Design](#design)
  * [Colour Scheme](#colour-scheme)
  * [Typography](#typography)
  * [Imagery](#imagery)
  * [Wireframes](#wireframes)

* [Features](#features)
  * [General Features on Each Page](#general-features-on-each-page)
  * [Future Implementations](#future-implementations)
  * [Accessibility](#accessibility)

* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
  * [Languages Used](#languages-used)
  * [Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used](#frameworks-libraries--programs-used)

* [Deployment & Local Development](#deployment--local-development)
  * [Deployment](#deployment)
  * [Local Development](#local-development)
    * [How to Fork](#how-to-fork)
    * [How to Clone](#how-to-clone)

* [Testing](#testing)

* [Credits](#credits)
  * [Code Used](#code-used)
  * [Content](#content)
  * [Media](#media)
  * [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

---

## User Experience (UX)

👩🏻‍💻 View an example of a completed user experience section [here](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/Bully-Book-Club#user-experience-ux)

### User Stories

Add your user stories here. You want to include first time visitors and returning visitors here as a minimum. Think about each group, and the experience and journey you want them to have on your site. It really helps to think about this before you start coding, and will really help with creating your wireframes.

## Design

👩🏻‍💻 View an example of a completed design section [here](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/earth-day-hackathon-2022#Design)

### Colour Scheme

I decided to go with colours that represent Naruto, and the best way to generate them was to take samples from the [Naruto's Official Website.](https://naruto-official.com/en) See swatches below. 

![Swatches](assets/readme/color-palette.png)

### Typography

I've picked the font 'Mogra' from Google Fonts, which I think has a close resemblance to the Naruto-font that is used in the show and Manga. Mogra is used on all text on this website.

![Typography](assets/readme/google-font.png)

### Imagery

Use this section to explain what sort of imagery you plan to use through your site.

https://clan-wars.fandom.com/wiki/Clan_wars_Wiki

### Wireframes


## Features

👩🏻‍💻 View an example of a completed user experience section [here](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/TheQuizArms#Features)

This section can be used to explain what pages your site is made up of.

### General features on each page

If there is a feature that appears on all pages of your site, include it here. Examples of what to include would the the navigation, a footer and a favicon.

I then like to add a screenshot of each page of the site here, i use [amiresponsive](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive) which allows me to grab an image of the site as it would be displayed on mobile, tablet and desktop, this helps to show the responsiveness of the site.

### Future Implementations

What features would you like to implement in the future on your site? Would you like to add more pages, or create login functionality? Add these plans here.

### Accessibility

Be an amazing developer and get used to thinking about accessibility in all of your projects!

This is the place to make a note of anything you have done with accessibility in mind. Some examples include:

Have you used icons and added aria-labels to enable screen readers to understand these?
Have you ensured your site meets the minimum contrast requirements?
Have you chosen fonts that are dyslexia/accessible friendly?

Code Institute have an amazing channel for all things accessibility (a11y-accessibility) I would highly recommend joining this channel as it contains a wealth of information about accessibility and what we can do as developers to be more inclusive.

## Technologies Used

https://www.remove.bg/
https://rgbacolorpicker.com/
https://coolors.co/

### Languages Used

Make a note here of all the languages used in creating your project. For the first project this will most likely just be HTML & CSS.

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

Add any frameworks, libraries or programs used while creating your project.

Make sure to include things like git, GitHub, the program used to make your wireframes, any programs used to compress your images, did you use a CSS framework like Bootstrap? If so add it here (add the version used).

A great tip for this section is to include them as you use them, that way you won't forget what you ended up using when you get to the end of your project.

## Deployment & Local Development

👩🏻‍💻 View an example of a completed Deployment & Local Development section [here](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/TheQuizArms#Deployment)

### Deployment

### GitHub Pages

The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps...

1. Log in to GitHub and locate the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/)
2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page), locate the "Settings" Button on the menu.
    - Alternatively Click [Here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/) for a GIF demonstrating the process starting from Step 2.
3. Scroll down the Settings page until you locate the "GitHub Pages" Section.
4. Under "Source", click the dropdown called "None" and select "Master Branch".
5. The page will automatically refresh.
6. Scroll back down through the page to locate the now published site [link](https://github.com) in the "GitHub Pages" section.

### Local Development

#### How to Fork

Place instructions on how to fork your project here.

#### How to Clone

If you wish to clone my project, please see the following steps below:

Navigate to Github: https://github.com/nicolemne/project-portfolio-2
Select the 'Clone' button
Copy the url or download as ZIP file
Use git clone + the url in your terminal, or unpack the ZIP containing the project

## Testing

### Lighthouse


### W3C HTML Validator


### W3C CSS Validator

### Known bugs

No known bugs detected

### Solved Bugs

I've encountered several bugs on the journey of making this website, and most of them I've corrected by seeking help online or from my mentor Mitko. 

Some bugs I've encountered and fixed: 

+ Background Image
  + Description: Background image placement
  + Expected behaviour: Cover full screen
  + Actual behaviour: Not showing up
  + Fix: background-position: center; and background-size: cover;

+ Script not running
  + Description: Javascript not working
  + Expected behaviour: Run in browser to play game
  + Actual behaviour: Nothing happening
  + Fix: Correct variable names that was written wrong

+ Wrong game message
  + Description: "Starting New Game" randomly appearing
  + Expected behaviour: Only shown when resetting scores
  + Actual behaviour: Randomly appearing in the game message announcer
  + Fix: Set correct name of variable in winCombos

## Credits

### Code Used

[Transparent Button](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-a-transparent-button-using-html-and-css/)

[Z-index not working](https://coder-coder.com/z-index-isnt-working/)

[Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)

[JavaScript Alert](https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_win_alert.asp)

### Content

I have written all content on this website. 

I have had a little bit of inspiration from the Love maths project, as well as [Carinaa](https://carinaaj.github.io/p2-rock-paper-scissors/) and [Emelie.](https://emeliehansson.github.io/milestone-pp2-rock-paper-scissor/)

###  Media

The images of the water, fire, wind, rock, lightning and water was borrowed from [Naruto Fandom Wiki.](https://naruto-mighty-official.fandom.com/wiki/Naruto_Mighty_Official_Wikia)

The background image was borrowed from [Alpha Coders (Wallpapers).](https://wall.alphacoders.com/big.php?i=1010788)
  
###  Acknowledgments

I would like to thank and acknowledge the following people, who has showed invaluable support throughout my second project:

- Dan Ford, boyfriend and biggest supporter.
- Mitko Bachvarov, my mentor at Code Institute, for the outstanding help and support with my project. 
- Emelie, fellow student at Code Institute, whom I've also had great support from.
- Kera Cudmore, for this README template.
